error correction is an extremely simple
concept although very profound I mean
absolutely everything depends on it
since everything depends on knowledge
and knowledge doesn't come to us on a
silver platter so everything depends on
error correction but although that's a
simple fact
arranging for that to happen is not at
all simple it's incredibly sophisticated
we do not understand it so we don't
understand it either on the level of how
creativity works
in a single human mind
and we also don't understand
what it takes in a culture
for the culture to support error
correction because it's almost
paradoxical what we want is a system for
correcting traditional knowledge but
tradition by definition is something
that stays the same over generations and
so Karl Popper coined the phrase a
tradition of criticism